USF’s CS 514 Project 3 
App Name: Travel PlannerX 
Group: Pengfang Chen, Lexi Lin
Project Description:
The goal of this app is to use AI to guide users through a series of conversations to create a personalized travel plan. The AI will dynamically generate the itinerary and provide recommendations based on user inputs. The users need to enter some information, the size of their travel group, with or without children and pets, departure, destination, and travel dates. If users don’t have exactly date to travel, they can only enter duration of trip and roughly month they plan to go. If they do, they can simply pick starting date and ending date in a calendar. After analyzing these inputs, AI will respond with the budget range of this trip. The users need to confirm with AI for their budget, and make AI plan the trip around this budget. As for the follow-up, the users can modify the plan at any time by entering additional requirement and the AI will instantly update the itinerary to ensure that it meets the users’ expectations.
In this project, our main efforts:
1.	We create two date-pickers to collect information about travel dates. We make starting date no later than today and ending date no later than the starting date. It is more practical.
2.	We implement a click-listener to get a quote for this trip based on travel info. The users can have a rough idea how much they need to spend for this trip.
3.	We implement two click-listeners to produce AI output for planning the trip. The first click-listener responds based on users’ travel information including the users’ budget. We collect and save all previous follow-up requirements, the second click-listener updates based on the last plan and all the users’ follow-up requirements. 
4.	The most complicated part in this project is to make the output in a nice presentation. We use a string builder to format reply. We conduct this process in a loop. When this string char is a “date #” or in ‘YYYY-MM-DD” pattern, the following char will start in a new paragraph. In the end, the “total trip cost” is declared in a new paragraph as well. The travel plan will be presented in nice and clear format. Each day plan has a separated paragraph.
5.	We make the sizes of reply box and follow-up reply box adjustable based on travel duration. Since we have two patterns of the date information, by number of days or by calendar dates, we add a listener to calculate the duration of travel days.
If users have too many days of travel but only interest in a city, we want AI to search other cities nearby the destination and plan those cities into the users’ trip. It needs to sign up for a Geonames account, and then we can implement isCity method. Without this account, we can only put this requirement into the reply question, but sometimes AI won’t respond. 

